[Term Entry] Go Math Function: Floor() (#2736)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/concepts/math-functions/terms/floor/floor.md

---
Title: 'Floor()'

> Description: 'Returns the given decimal number rounded down to the nearest lower value.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the given decimal number rounded down to the nearest whole number.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Numbers'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`Floor()`** function returns a given decimal number rounded down to the nearest lower value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Floor()`** function returns a given decimal number rounded down to the nearest whole number.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> math.Floor(decimalNumber float64) float64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
math.Floor(decimalNumber) 
```

```

> The `Floor()` function accepts a single parameter of type float64 and rounds it down to the nearest lower value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Floor()` function accepts a single parameter of type `float64` and rounds it down to the nearest whole number.
```

> Take notice that the returned value may appear to be an `int`, but it is a `float64` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **Note:** The returned value may appear to be an `int`, but it is a `float64` value.
```

> In some exceptional cases, passing any of the following values: `±Inf`, `±0`, and `NaN` as an argument to the `Floor()` function, will result in the returned value being the same as the argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Passing any of the following values: `±Inf`, `±0`, and `NaN` as an argument to the `Floor()` function, will result in the returned value being the same as the argument.
```

## Example

> 

Reviewer: There should be a short introductory sentence here

Author: @caupolicandiaz You mean for the Example part ?
